# Chaoss-Microtasks 

Microtasks repositorty for GSoC Idea: Boosting data processing in GrimoireLab

## [x] Microtask 1:
Set up Perceval to be executed from PyCharm. 

## [x] Microtask 2:
Create a Python script to execute Perceval via its Python interface using the Git and GitHub backends. Feel free to select any target repository

## [x] Microtask 3:
Based on the JSON documents produced by Perceval and its source code, try to answer the following questions:

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute `timestamp`?

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute `updated_on`?

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute `origin`?

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute `category`?

How many categories do the Git and GitHub backends have?

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute `uuid`?

What is the meaning of the JSON attribute `search_fields`?

What is stored in the attribute data of each JSON document produced by Perceval?

Identify the code in charge of dealing with remote APIs and explain its logic.

Which is the folder that stores the archives generated by Perceval?

## [x] Microtask 4:
Set up a dev environment to work on GrimoireLab. 

## [x] Microtask 5:
Execute micro-mordred to collect and enrich data from any Git repository.

## [x] Microtask 6:
Execute micro-mordred to obtain data from the study enrich_areas_of_code for any Git repository.


## [x] Microtask 7:
Execute micro-mordred to collect and enrich data from any GitHub repository, making sure that no archives are created by Perceval.


## Microtask 8:
In your machine, run the tests for ELK within PyCharm. If you succeed, you can try to run the coverage package on the ELK tests and report the details of each file.

## [x] Microtask 9:
Submit at least a PR to one of the GrimoireLab repositories to fix an issue, improve the documentation, etc.

## Microtask 10:
Submit a PR to ELK to increase the test coverage of one or more files located at https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-elk/tree/master/grimoire_elk/enriched
