# Microtask 3:
Based on the JSON documents produced by Perceval and its source code, 
try to answer the following questions:

* What is the meaning of the JSON attribute `timestamp`?
    
    The attribute `timestamp` is the datetime format attribute storing the timestamp of when the particular item was fetched.
    
    
* What is the meaning of the JSON attribute `updated_on`?
    
    This attribute stores the UNIX timestamp for when the item was updated originally. This data is taken from already existing fields in data like 'CommitDate' in Git backend and 'update_at' in Mattermost backend.
    
    
* What is the meaning of the JSON attribute `origin`?
    
    This attribute stores the URL of the source from which all the data is being extracted. 
   
  
* What is the meaning of the JSON attribute `category`?
    
    The attribute `category` defines the type of data which is being fetched from the source, this varies for different backends.
    For example the GitHub backend supports categories issue, pull_request and repository, whereas Git backend supports category commits.
    

* How many categories do the GitHub and GitLab backends have?

    GitHub backend has three categories, namely `issues`, `pull_request` and `repository`.
    GitLab backend has two categories, namely `issue` and `merge_reques`.
    

* What is the meaning of the JSON attribute 'uuid'?
    
    The `uuid` attribute is a unique id assigned to each item based on the data they have, hence guaranteeing uniqueness. The UUID is SHA1 of the concatenation of the values
    from the list passed as argument to the `uuid()` function. The arguments passed are different for different backends. For instance the Git backend uses `uri` for git repository and `item['commit']` to calculate the unique UUID for every item.
    Another backend mattermost uses `itemp['id']` and combined URL made my joining URL and channel.
    

* What is the meaning of the JSON attribute search_fields?

    The attribute 'search_fields' adds extra fields for search about the item fetched by Perceval. 
    The 'search_fields' for GitLab backend include, `id`, `owner`, `iid`, `project` and `groups`.
    Also they are used to avoid inspecting the content of attribute `data`.


* What is stored in the attribute data of each JSON document produced by Perceval?
    
    Attribute `data` stores all the data which is fetched from the specified data source. In the case of GitHub backend this stores information like `reactions`, `user_data`, `body`, `created_at`,
    `updated_at` etc.

* Identify the code in charge of dealing with remote APIs and explain its logic.
    
    The code for interaction with remote APIs originates from `backendItemsGenerator()` which in turn initialises the backend cliend `GithubClient` in this case via `init_client()`. 
    `GithubClient` houses the code for interaction with the online source for data retrieval, it is a subclass of `HttpClient` and `RateLimitHandler`.

    Initialising `GithubClient` sets parameters like `owner`, `repository`, `tokens` as well as creates a HTTP session based on `requests.Session()` in the `HttpClient` superclass alongwith rate limit paramteres in `RateLimiterHandler` class.

    After initialising parameters a for loop works under `Backend.fetch()` over a generator `fetch_items()` which is reponsible for returning the concerned generator function based on the category of data to fetch. 
    For instance, `fetch_items()` returns a `__fetch_issues()` generator if the `--category` parameter in Perceval github was `issues`.

    After specifying the generator a series of fetching functions are called specified below -
    `GithubClient.issues()`
        `self.fetch_items()` --> Method of `GithubClient` class, iterates over the recieved items and sets parameters like **user**, **assignee**, etc for each issue.
            `self.fetch()` --> Method of `GithubClient` class, yields text items from recieved `respose.text` 
                `super.fetch()` --> Method of `HttpClient` class, returns the response from github URL using the Session we established earlier.
    In the end the `metadata_item` retrieved is returned.

* Which is the folder that stores the archives generated by Perceval?
    
    Perceval stores all the data it downloads in the folder `~/.perceval` further divided into folder and subfolders like repositories, archives for better management.


